the beer guest interview
and the doctor
to forgive
lacerda sampaio
he specializes in partial plastic surgery
Among other things
He is the head of the group.
Functional Plastic Surgery Phase
of clinic day 14 in the laryngology of the hospital of the clinics
gives by itself
in Sao Paulo
geek forgives or brazil is exaggerating
plastic surgery and beauty of the face in the hair to assert with safety
has two reasons that lead to plastic surgery
on death's home
we associate dead to the old ilga ilga sick
and I the time that I see myself more rejuvenated
I do not want to live farther from death itself an unconscious thing
the other the more cruel the labor market is overcharging
who sells anything imagined
products or services
one with the aged face
what a dvd exactly
with a lot of experience and maturity he's there
a little
left in band
for a new face that sometimes does not have the experience would give
politicians and with the C13
then so woefully sure of working like me
the iraq asked for a job and above 40 his name has to paint his hair do
something does not come back
this is cruel is the month and now there is some survey that indicated the
donation surgery would be indemnified would require that all pierced by
that most of them are neither
much of the major league
not a cd in statistics
so then
and entering the agreement is always growing
the woman who was Maya who most sought not a goal woke up my being
highly stressed organizer
it was not much bigger said
Surgeries - I love it
I already expected for example server is not a liposuction surgery
It's not from our area.
but she is so today she lota hospitals in the month of July ago lusa the parents a
majority placed
in that game today but has been delayed celestial beings
nor so much but I was operated natal paranaense charada mafra for the ten and
mid-morning
and almost did not get here so much surgery and sessions a day
there is more we do little more to do it deserves to be seen week
Our group does fourteen a week.
I'm talking like that outside
the usp group the opera a lot because they are 4 wizards injury
twelve individuals being trained par excellence that work in the usp and in
florian holder the chilean regional puyehue just there léo
focus on teaching
so obviously what to think about what is involved in surgery teaching
but the surgery the same same things
the closed collection daycare center was a training and otorrino for power
pick up functional part of the sefaz
and then he did the training in the long
for cosmetic surgery for the two cups that is a dream of humanity
then there is face surgery
was divided into two realities
and this is not good let's give the example of the nose that is the center
then the nose if you are to operate and it looks beautiful but clogged
not worth
is then first there is a functional training for anika to preach the
correct deviations
Why do they ask?
and then one learns the aesthetic part for social two things for example the
nose surgery
there were two other specialties that took care of this area one taking care of the
functional part
and one of the part
outside the aesthetics
imagine a money that makes the pet or land does on the walls but none
treated saber will get crooked
And then we dreamed of doing
to draw a professional that tvs this global training
As in Brazil the plastics are very good.
we are very proud
of Easter that we have the general practice
it's probably going to be easy this thing is easy
because others also have good level here
The American is already a little ahead
he can already join
and 100 reais professional phase because the gialorossi states front
because the Brazilian experts are good wines
first because I took out surgeries
just say it
keats at the end of a three year residency here in Brazil in the tournament
can do two thousand surgeries while five years in europe he does two or
three
then how is a born natural climate?
it is still surgery
who changes a lot will develop his great manual skill
and Brazil is good at it people are looking for you more to do what the eye
nose today
maybe because we were referring to the weather
the nose today is the oe the great demand
the eastern zone has to be much more likely to have had
sure the phone price on the icon as soon as
brazil design in the whole world, right?
a creature rafa benítez that a wonderful people person sectional
with a turban where you wake up
cultures generate history of medicine on the paycheck
spent much more time talking about the philosophy of what surgeries are
human being lives the spirit
and then the nose loves it because it's the front bumper of the ride
and it's here
this whole miscegenation that we have here, thanks to God, is a very
mixed this is very good genetically
try to understand and apocal full different nose everyone so
everyone represented here in Brazil will consult the Marizão of the Italian
of the German exterminated screen on the one hand has our Afrodescendant
the mix of everything and there there I think the children do not lie down and roll because
he will have all the representation here
easy this is the first part of the interview with the doctor to forgive
beer is paulo
one of the great
specialists in facial plastic surgery
ae